[DX-858] Add the Get started guide for the EDP. (#3673)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/tyk-stack/tyk-developer-portal/enterprise-developer-portal/managing-access/add-organisations.md

{{< note success >}}
**Note**

> If you want to edit the default team name you can do so by navigating to **Teams**, open up the team tied to the organisation you created, and edit the name as required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to edit the default team name you can do so by navigating to **Teams**, open up the team associated withthe organisation you created and edit the name as required.
```

Reviewer 2: withthe - needs a space
